fix(accordion): enforce top border for all accordions (#6151)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/fast-frogs-pump.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-components': patch
---

> Fixed accordion to always show top border on all items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the `<post-accordion-item>` component to enforce a top border in all use cases.
```
